
This is the Docs on how to play.

You are a Solar Warrior. Your job is to fly from planet to planet and try
to find the Radium Chrystles. After you find the Radium Chrystles. You must
know the code to enter when you return to Earth.

History

In the year 2167
The Earth had already colonized all of the planets.
While on the planets they found that each planet contained Chrystlarium.
Chrystlarium is the best fuel, ever to use for any power source. The
Earth by some shear act of fate, had none. But with using Chrystlarium
in space it lured Space Worms to follow the burning fumes.
  Space Worms Eat Chrystlarium, but they don't mind Solar Warriors Either.
To fight the Space Worms Scientists created 2 forms of animals. The
KANATIDS and the FROGLAIRS. After the Kanatids and the Froglairs were left
on the planets to fight the Space Worms, they began to mutate into strange
creatures that are now known as Death Reapers, and Flesh Eaters.
  The Scientist have already came up with a new Hybrid of Kanatids and
Froglairs. These creatures will not mutate. One Solar Warrior Almost
defeated these creatures. but he came up against a Flesh Eater who devoured
him. He had two key elements to destroy these creatures. Radium Chrystles
and the code letters to activate the chrystles.
  At a certain frequency the Chrystles will vibrate. The vibrations will
travel all through out the cosmos. And the only beings that suffer from
these Vibrations are Space Worms, Death Reapers, and Flesh Eaters. The
vibrations make their blood vessels explode.

Your Job

Enter the caves...
Find the Radium Chrystles. Find out what the code is.
and return to Earth. Search in the deepest parts of the planets to find
these 2 things.

Since the planets are colonized Each planet has a bar.

You can Fight Users.
Go to the Black Market.
Spend the night ( Your game will be saved )
and many other things.

To Find out User Numbers you must hit " L " while in a bar.
That will tell you that Bars log. and from reading the Log. it will
what user is in that bar.

You will learn how to play the game as you go on.


