StarClash Documentation
 
Most of the commands and rules are self explanatory, but here is a list of 
stuff...
 
The OBJECT of StarClash is galactic dominance. Whoever controls the whole 
galaxy wins.
 
This is achieved by building up your empire. The most important aspect of an 
empire is its income. Controlling planets, bases, and empty space all 
contribute to your income (Basic Resource Points).
 
Here is the income listing:
Control of:     Habitable System        25 BRPs
                Minor Planet            50 BRPs
                Major Planet            75 BRPs
                Key Planet              100 BRPs
 
                Dock                    6 BRPs
                Base Station            12 BRPs
                Battle Station          18 BRPs
                StarBase                24 BRPs

                Empty Sector            1 BRP
 
                Misc (all players)      15 * TECH level BRPs
                                        Note- if Tech level is decimal, it 
                                        will keep decimal when computing.

Note- you recieve income for each you have. If you have a sector with a base 
and a planet, you get income for all of these. 
 
Also note that your income accumulates everyday, regardless of if you play. If 
you die, your BRP total is reset to 0, and all your income is gone and your 
tech level is reset.


Map-
  The map is represented by a 20x20 grid. The top left sector is 1, top right 
is 381, bottom left is 20, and the bottom right is 400. Note- if you are in 
sectors 1-20, you cannot move left; sectors 381-400 cannot move right. You also
can not scroll off the top; ie you can not move from sector 1 to 20.

                             
               
Normal Menu: 
 
  A)ctivate mines- if you have a mineship, you may place mines. Mines will 
damage any fleet that passes through the sector, unless they also have a 
mineship. If they have a mineship, they may sweep the mines, or they can take 
damage.

  B)uild ships- self explanatory. Note that as your tech level goes up, better 
ships become available. The better the ship, the more expensive. If you have a 
base, the price is reduced. The better the base, the better the price...

  C)olonize- this will upgrade a planet. If it was a Habitable planet, it 
becomes a minor planet. This is expensive; it costs lots of BRPs, but is a 
worthy investment if you can hold it.
 
  D)ock- will put you in base menu. Only applicable if there is a friendly 
base in your sector.
 
  E)ntire map- will show you your empire in grid form with ASCII.
 
  F)und transfer- this command can give BRPs to other players from your own 
account. Nice for alliances.
 
  G)arrison and move- same as move, but allows you to leave ships behind.
 
  I)nventory- this will show all the sectors you have stuff in, how many ships
are there, your bases, and planets under your control. It is free.
 
  L)ocal info- this shows how many of each ship you have in the current 
sector, plus planets and bases if applicable.
 
  M)ove- costs 1 BRP. Will move all ships in your sector to one of four 
adjacent sectors. Note- on borders of map, you ay have less than 4 possible 
moves. 

  O)utpost construction- will build a DOCK in your current sector. A DOCK is a 
base, and can be upgraded. It costs 80 to build a dock. Note that all crippled 
ships are automatically repaired if they are left at a base overnight. The 
cost for repair is 1/4 of the price of the ship.
 
  P)robe sector- will scan a sector adjacent to you. This costs 1 BRP. It will 
tell you who controls the sector, how many of what kind of ship, base, and 
planets...
 
  Q)uit- returns to BBS.
 
  S)can- this will do a quick scan of all adjacent sectors. It will tell you 
if anything is in the sectors. This costs 1 BRP, and is an effiecent way to 
scout for things (though you won't how much is there without a probe.) The 
'mass rating' is an approximation of non-solar mass in the sector.
 
  T)ransfer- this will move you to another sector with friendly ships. Very 
useful if your ships are split up, or several battles are begin fought. This 
is free.

  U)noccupy sector- this will surrender a sector to anyone you chose. All 
ships in the sector will be also handed over, unless you immediately move them 
out.

  Y)our info- this will do 2 things. It will show you what is in your sector, 
and will tally up your forces (ships, planets, and bases.) It also gives you 
your predicted income for the next day, assuming you do not lose any of your 
assets.


BASE menu:
 
  B)uild ships- same as normal. Don't forget about discount for a base.
 
  L)ong range scan- you can scan ANY sector in the map. It works the same as 
PROBE from normal menu. This costs 2 BRPs.
 
  Q)uit base - returns to the regular menu

  S)can- better than sector scan, and free. Advantage of base.
 
  U)pgrade- this will increase the durability and income of your base. This 
will cost 40 BRPs more than your last expenditure on the base. IE upgrading a 
DOCK (normally 80 BRPs) to a Base Station would cost 120 BRPs.

Notes on BASES- Bases are excellent defensive posts. They become near 
impossible to destroy as the increase in size. Also note that your maximum 
size of your base increases with you TECH level. You may have a DOCK at any 
level, BASE at 3, BATTLE STATION at 5, and a STARBASE at 7.

 
 
COMBAT-----
 
If you move into a sector with an enemy, you get the combat menu.
 
Combat menu:-
 
  E)ngage main ships- this will fight a battle between you and the opponent. 

    Observe some important factors:

    1 Command rating- each fleet will pick its best ship as a flag ship. The 
      flag ship can command a limited number of ships in battle. Your best 
      ships will be commanded (by firepower). Note that cripples will not be 
      engaged unless all other ships are gone...
 
    2 Punch power- each ship has a offensive strength. The bigger, the more 
      damage the enemy takes.
 
    3 Defense power- each ship has a defensive value. The bigger, the more 
      PUNCH it absorbs. Big ships aren't always killed when they are hit, 
      instead they are crippled.

  D)ogfight- will engage fighters (if you have any) with the opponents'.
 
  B)omber raid- will engage enemy with your bombers. Bombers will do massive 
      damage if they penetrate, but will fail miserably if the opponent has 
      fighters.
 
  S)top fighting- basic retreat.

Remember, the defender always has a significant advantage. If the defender has 
a base, then the attacker can expect to lose a lot more. A base has an 
excellent command rating, and a super firepower (when upgraded.)


Tech level- all players start off at a tech level of 2. About once a week, 
this will go up. As your tech level goes up, you will be able to build better 
ships. You economy will improve, and you will just become a nastier opponent 
in general. The moral- don't die.

